chore: current monorepo refactoring progress (#86)
moxystudio/eslint-config-moxy: MIGRATION.md

# Migration guide

The previous package that existed in this repository, `@moxy/eslint-config`, has been deprecated. To learn how to migrate into the new configuration structure, read below.

## Migrating from <= 10

Until now, in order to use MOXY's eslint configuration, you would have to import the `@moxy/eslint-config` package and extend your project's eslint configuration with a **base** configuration (`es5`, `es6`, `es7`, ...) and the **addons** you wished to use (`browser`, `node`, `react`, ...).

Your `.eslintrc.json` would look similar to this:

```json
{
    "root": true,
    "extends": [
        "@moxy/eslint-config/es9",
        "@moxy/eslint-config/addons/browser",
        "@moxy/eslint-config/addons/es-modules",
        "@moxy/eslint-config/addons/react"
    ]
}
```

> This monolithic, multiple **addon** approach has been refactored into a set of 3 different **base** configuration packages and 3 **enhancer** packages (more info on what packges exist and how to use them is in this repository's [README](README.md)).

Reviewer: typo -> `packages`

# Migration guide

The previous package that existed in this repository, `@moxy/eslint-config`, has been deprecated. To learn how to migrate into the new configuration structure, read below.

## Migrating from <= 10

Until now, in order to use MOXY's eslint configuration, you would have to import the `@moxy/eslint-config` package and extend your project's eslint configuration with a **base** configuration (`es5`, `es6`, `es7`, ...) and the **addons** you wished to use (`browser`, `node`, `react`, ...).

> Your `.eslint.config` would look similar to this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your `.eslintrc.json` would look similar to this:
```

```json
{
    "root": true,
    "extends": [
        "@moxy/eslint-config/es9",
        "@moxy/eslint-config/addons/browser",
        "@moxy/eslint-config/addons/es-modules",
        "@moxy/eslint-config/addons/react"
    ]
}
```

This monolithic, multiple **addon** approach has been refactored into a set of 3 different **base** configuration packages and 3 **enhancer** packages (more info on what packges exist and how to use them is in this repository's [README](README.md)).

> There is also an additional **core** package which is used by the **base** configuration packages. This package is not meant to be used directly in your projects.

Reviewer 2: I would remove this as it's not relevant.

Author: Should we only mention the fact that the `core` package should not be used in the `core` package readme?

Reviewer 2: yep
